assume default 'false' (#66)
nextflow-io/nf-validation: CHANGELOG.md

- Handle errors when sample sheet not provided or doesn't have a schema ([#56](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-validation/pull/56))
- Silently ignore samplesheet fields that are not defined in samplesheet schema ([#59](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-validation/pull/59))
- Correctly handle double-quoted fields containing commas in csv files by `.fromSamplesheet()` [#63](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-validation/pull/63))

> - Assume that a value with no default in the schema will have a default of 'false' ([#66](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-validation/pull/66))

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this is accurate?

Sounds like we are setting a default, but it's just for the summary, right?

```suggestion
- Do not return parameter in summary if it has no default in the schema and is set to 'false' ([#66](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-validation/pull/66))
```

Author: This sounds better, thanks for the suggestion!
